feat(msw): create an index file exporting msw for split tags mode (#1803)
orval-labs/orval: docs/src/pages/reference/configuration/output.md

Give you the possibility to set the locale for the mock generation. It is used by faker, see the list of available options [here](https://fakerjs.dev/guide/localization.html#available-locales). It should also be strongly typed using `defineConfig`.

### indexMockFiles

> Type: `Boolean`
> 
> Valid values: true or false. Defaults to false.
> 
> When true, adds a index.msw.ts file which exports all mock functions.
> This is only valid when `mode` is `tags-split`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type: `Boolean`

Default Value: `false`.

When `true`, adds a `index.msw.ts` file which exports all mock functions.
This is only valid when `mode` is `tags-split`.
```
